takeout
Dad, I know what happened today
Sister, why don't you tell Luo Chengyu directly?
It was ginger feather who replaced you
If there is no conclusive evidence
Please spell your mouth
You won't believe it without idioms
Did you find the evidence?
But it's almost there.
I must be in front of everyone
Let Jiang Yurusheng lose his reputation
What can I do for dad?
Just tell dad directly
That's right.
Did you find the person who attacked you that day?
I've already guessed who it is
But no evidence yet
But I have deliberately revealed it in front of him
I know his secret.
I guess.
Then he won't be able to resist hitting me
Well, my daughter has grown up.
Dad knew you could do it
By the way, your mother has always been worried about you.
It's all dad's fault
When I divorced your mother
I promised him I would take good care of you
But so many years have passed
I actually broke the Qiao family
buy buy
Why don't you go find your mother?
His career is going well
Dad?
Don't say that.
You are in debt now
How could I possibly leave you alone?
I believe my mother will understand as well.
Dad, I still have something to do and want to go out
Now, get out!
Yeah, all right
Come back early. Okay.
Be careful. Okay.
No more mistakes this time